Drink the Cactus Juice. It'll quench ya. It's the quenchiest! - Sokka
I'm just a guy with a boomeraang. I didn't ask for the flying and magic! - Sokka
You just love taking me out of my comfort zone...don't you! - Sokka
Okay, karma person or thing...whoever's in charge of this stuff. If I can just get out of this situation alive, I will give up meat and sarcasm. Okay? That's all I got. That's pretty much my whole idenity. Sokka: the meat and sarcasm guy. But I am willing to be Sokka, the veggies and straight talk fellow. - Sokka
Boomeraang! You do always come back! - Sokka
I'd like to spend my vacation AT THE LIBRARY! - Sokka
Why is it that every time you play with magic water, I get soaked! - Sokka
Oh, no! I knew it was only a matter of time! Appa ate Momo! Momo, I'm coming for you, buddy! - Sokka
Great job with the cloud camo, but next time, let's disguise ourselves as kind type of cloud that knows how to keep its mouth shut - Sokka
My first girlfriend turned into the moon. - Sokka
Azula always lies...Azula always lies... - Zuko
You're so beautiful when you hate the world. - Zuko
The scar's NOT on the wrong side! - Zuko
My honor. My throne. My country. I'm about to lose them all. - Zuko
You little peasant. You've found a master, haven't you? - Zuko
That's rough, buddy. - Zuko
Get out of the bison's mouth, Sokka! - Zuko
I must capture the avatar to restore my honor. - Zuko
I know now that no one can give you your honor. It's something you earn for yourself by choosing to do what's right. - Zuko
Do people really want to see TWO little girls fighting out here? - Toph
Meh, you've seen nothing once, you've seen it a thousand times. - Toph
Can I get some of that cactus? - Toph
It looks just like him to me! - Toph
Why? Because you think I can't put up posters on my own? It's upside down, isn't it? I'll just go with Sokka. - Toph
Everyone else went on a life changing field trip with Zuko. Now it's my turn. - Toph
Oh, Sokka, you saved me! - Toph
I'm beginning to wonder who's really the blind one around here. - Toph
I am not Toph! I am Melon-Lord! Muah-ha-ha-ha-ha! - Toph
Stealing is wrong...unless it's from pirates! - Katara
Excuse me? I've got no manners? You're not exactly Lady Fancyfingers. - Katara
I'M COMPLETELY CALM! - Katara
But he's special! I can tell! I sense he's filled with much wisdom. - Katara
Trust me, Zuko. It's not going to be much of a match. - Katara
Well, my instincts say we need to stay here a little longer and help Jet. - Katara
You're not the only one who draws power from the moon. My bending is more powerful than yours, Hama. Your technique is useless on me! - Katara
I will never, ever turn my back on people who need me! - Katara
Anyone's capable of great good and great evil. Everyone, even the Firelord and the Fire Nation, have to be treated like their worth giving a chance. - Aang
This isn't about finding a teacher. This is about finding my friend. - Aang
You know, Zuko, I don't care what everyone else says about you. You're pretty smart. - Aang
The monks used to say that revenge is like a two-headed rat viper. While you watch your enemy go down, you're being poisoned yourself. - Aang
Will you go penguin sledding with me - Aang
